Document how to run or debug applications (#2005)
scalameta/metals: docs/editors/vscode.md

```

## Running and debugging your code

> Metals supports running or debugging tests and main methods via
> [Debug Adapter Protocol](https://microsoft.github.io/debug-adapter-protocol/),
> used to communicate with the editor, and
> [Bloop](https://scalacenter.github.io/bloop/), which is responsible for starting
> the actual process. This means that applications can be run the same as for any
> other language in the natively supported `Run` view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metals supports running and debugging tests and main methods via the 
[Debug Adapter Protocol](https://microsoft.github.io/debug-adapter-protocol/).
This is used to communicate between the editor and debugger. When using Metals 
the debugger is [Bloop](https://scalacenter.github.io/bloop/), which is responsible for starting the actual process. This means that applications can be run the same as for any
other language in the natively supported `Run` view.
```

Author: Applied some of the suggestions, but I switched it up a bit still.

Users can begin the debugging session in two ways:

> - via code lenses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### via code lenses
```
I normally don't like breaking up bullet points with large chunks of text. I think it might be better to just make these headers. What do you think?

> For each main or test class Metals shows two code lenses `run | debug`, which

Reviewer 2: for test class there is `test | debug test` lens

Author: Forgot about it, it's added.

> shows up above the definition as a kind of virtual text. Clicking `run` will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
show up above the definition as a kind of virtual text. Clicking `run` will
```

start running the test or main class without stopping at any breakpoints, while

> clicking `debug` will pause once any of them is hit. It's not possible to add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clicking `debug` will pause once any of them are hit. It's not possible to add
```

any arguments or java properties when running using this method.

> - via `launch.json` configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### via a `launch.json` configuration
```

Visual Studio Code uses `.vscode/launch.json` to store user defined
configurations, which can be run using:

> - `Run -> Start Debugging` or `workbench.action.debug.start` shortcut.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `Run -> Start Debugging` or `workbench.action.debug.start` shortcuts.
```

> - `Run -> Run Without Debugging` or `workbench.action.debug.run` shortcut.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `Run -> Run Without Debugging` or `workbench.action.debug.run` shortcuts.
```

If a user doesn't have anything yet saved, a configuration wizard will pop up to
guide them. In the end users should end up with something like this:

```json
{
  "version": "0.2.0",
  "configurations": [
    {
      "type": "scala",
      "request": "launch",

>       // configuration name visible for the user

Author: It should, VS Code does allow for it.

>       // configuration name visible for the user

Author: > Can we attach this image to show how lenses should look like?

Added it!

>       // configuration name visible for the user

Reviewer 2: I think it will also be displayed here: https://scalameta.org/metals/docs/editors/vscode.html

We can see how it looks like after merge and quickly update if something will not be right.

>       // configuration name visible for the user

Reviewer 3: For rendering it correctly, I think you can use the good old trick of changing the code block language to `js` (same syntax, and it allows comments)

      "name": "Main class",
      // full name of the class to run, not compatible with testClass
      "mainClass": "com.example.Main",
      // full name of the test class to run, not compatible with mainClass
      "testClass": "",
      // optional arguments for the main class, not avaiable with testClass
      "args": [],
      // optional jvm properties to use
      "jvmOptions": [],
      // optional build target name in case there more than one
      // class with the same name
      "buildTarget": "root"

>     }

Reviewer 2: can we attach second position like 'Test class' showing that in test config we specify 'testClass' and not 'mainClass' and how 2 configurations would look like here

Author: Added! Good idea!

  ]
}
```

> Multiple configuration can be stored in that file and can be chosen either

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple configurations can be stored in that file and can be chosen either
```

Author: Fixed!
